Fix(content): Sort out the lead from Alondo sequence (address 8259) (#8345)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/hai/hai reveal 4 middle.txt

	autosave
	landing
	name "Symbol Identification"

> 	description "Check out the worlds near Allhome, explore the spaceports and make sure the Hai seem normal."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "Check out the worlds near Allhome, explore the spaceports, and make sure the Hai seem normal."
```
Don't you go forgetting the Oxfords now :P

			has "Hai Reveal: Pirate Troubles [4]: declined"
			has "hr defeated scar's legion"
	on offer

> 		dialog `You have learned of information to report to Alondo, but apparently he is away somewhere and unavailable for a short while. You should also report this to Teeneep, and waiting for Alondo could be suspicious. So, now that the situation with Scar's Legion is resolved, it's time to report to Teeneep. Maybe it will shed some light on what's going on?`

Reviewer 2: `You should also report this to Teeneep, and waiting for Alondo could be suspicious. So, now that the situation with Scar's Legion is resolved, it's time to report to Teeneep. Maybe it will shed some light on what's going on?` 
This sounds repetitive.

Author: True, thoughts on this? otherwise I might summon Ejo
```suggestion
		dialog `You have learned of information to report to Alondo, but apparently he is away somewhere and unavailable for a short while. So, now that the situation with Scar's Legion is resolved, this is also something you should also report this to Teeneep, and waiting for Alondo could be suspicious. Maybe going to Teeneep will shed some light on what's going on?`
```

Reviewer 2: Delete the extra "this" in the suggestion and I think it sounds better.

Author: ~~you saw nothing, it was never there, I can construct a coherent sentence~~

Reviewer: Better look will have to wait until after work, since my breaks are pretty used up tonight, but I like this change as it is now :)

Reviewer 2: It sounds better, but there's something off with it that I'm too tired to think of yet (maybe too long?). At least it's not repetitive. I will look at it in the morning and check around the context.

> 		dialog `You have learned of information to report to Alondo, but apparently he is away somewhere and unavailable for a short while. You should also report this to Teeneep, and waiting for Alondo could be suspicious. So, now that the situation with Scar's Legion is resolved, it's time to report to Teeneep. Maybe it will shed some light on what's going on?`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		dialog `While resolving the situation with Scar's Legion, you have learned information which should be reported to Alondo, but apparently he is away somewhere and unavailable for a short while. Simply waiting for him at this point may be suspicious, and this is also something Teeneep should be informed of. Perhaps doing so will also help shed some light on what's going on?`
```
Deeper look includes a totally rearranged suggestion for this :)
